What's there to be angry about?
Let's do it together.
Second child, come quickly
Let's just hug it together and go home to hug the baby
Come on, come on, count your ink
Well, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
third brother
I find that you are sometimes dumber than Guo Xuecheng
How am I stupid?
Sister, I'll be sad if you say that, don't worry.
Oops, you stepped on my foot, you Sunan
I didn't touch you, don't talk nonsense
Is there something strange about my three cousins?
Like to share a woman
No wonder Mr. Su and Mrs. Su allowed the sultan to enter the house
You're still afraid to let people know this
I didn't expect Sunan, this bitch, to marry into a wealthy family
He even did the thing of one lady and three husbands
Brother Richeng
So what should we do now?
Since the Su family's dinner party is not going
Don't tell anyone about tonight
I need to give up
How can you hide this from me?
I have been favored many times in the Su family
Let them also taste the loss of face